test_result.md, before:

#====================================================================================================
# START - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================

# THIS SECTION CONTAINS CRITICAL TESTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR BOTH AGENTS
# BOTH MAIN_AGENT AND TESTING_AGENT MUST PRESERVE THIS ENTIRE BLOCK

# Communication Protocol:
# If the `testing_agent` is available, main agent should delegate all testing tasks to it.
#
# You have access to a file called `test_result.md`. This file contains the complete testing state
# and history, and is the primary means of communication between main and the testing agent.
#
# Main and testing agents must follow this exact format to maintain testing data. 
# The testing data must be entered in yaml format Below is the data structure:
# 
## user_problem_statement: {problem_statement}
## backend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.py"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## frontend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.js"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## metadata:
##   created_by: "main_agent"
##   version: "1.0"
##   test_sequence: 0
##   run_ui: false
##
## test_plan:
##   current_focus:
##     - "Task name 1"
##     - "Task name 2"
##   stuck_tasks:
##     - "Task name with persistent issues"
##   test_all: false
##   test_priority: "high_first"  # or "sequential" or "stuck_first"
##
## agent_communication:
##     -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##     -message: "Communication message between agents"

# Protocol Guidelines for Main agent
#
# 1. Update Test Result File Before Testing:
#    - Main agent must always update the `test_result.md` file before calling the testing agent
#    - Add implementation details to the status_history
#    - Set `needs_retesting` to true for tasks that need testing
#    - Update the `test_plan` section to guide testing priorities
#    - Add a message to `agent_communication` explaining what you've done
#
# 2. Incorporate User Feedback:
#    - When a user provides feedback that something is or isn't working, add this information to the relevant task's status_history
#    - Update the working status based on user feedback
#    - If a user reports an issue with a task that was marked as working, increment the stuck_count
#    - Whenever user reports issue in the app, if we have testing agent and task_result.md file so find the appropriate task for that and append in status_history of that task to contain the user concern and problem as well 
#
# 3. Track Stuck Tasks:
#    - Monitor which tasks have high stuck_count values or where you are fixing same issue again and again, analyze that when you read task_result.md
#    - For persistent issues, use websearch tool to find solutions
#    - Pay special attention to tasks in the stuck_tasks list
#    - When you fix an issue with a stuck task, don't reset the stuck_count until the testing agent confirms it's working
#
# 4. Provide Context to Testing Agent:
#    - When calling the testing agent, provide clear instructions about:
#      - Which tasks need testing (reference the test_plan)
#      - Any authentication details or configuration needed
#      - Specific test scenarios to focus on
#      - Any known issues or edge cases to verify
#
# 5. Call the testing agent with specific instructions referring to test_result.md
#
# IMPORTANT: Main agent must ALWAYS update test_result.md BEFORE calling the testing agent, as it relies on this file to understand what to test next.

#====================================================================================================
# END - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================



#====================================================================================================
# Testing Data - Main Agent and testing sub agent both should log testing data below this section
#====================================================================================================

## user_problem_statement: 
Complete the remaining frontend sections for VERTEX TARGET portfolio website: Nossa Metodologia (The Ascent), Demonstração de IA (Calibrate Your Target), Depoimentos e Parceiros (Testimonials and Partners), and Contato (Speak with a Strategist). Focus on dynamic animations and micro-interactions as specified in the design guidelines.

## frontend:
  - task: "Nossa Metodologia Component"
    implemented: true
    working: "NA"
    file: "/app/frontend/src/components/Methodology.jsx"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: true
    status_history:
        - working: "NA"
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Created vertical timeline component with mountain ascent animation, interactive step selection, auto-progress functionality, and visual mountain path SVG. Includes all 4 methodology steps with detailed information."

  - task: "AI Demo Component"
    implemented: true
    working: "NA"
    file: "/app/frontend/src/components/AIDemo.jsx"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: true
    status_history:
        - working: "NA"
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Created interactive AI demonstration section where users select industry and objective to receive personalized strategy suggestions. Includes radar grid background, selection interface, and mock AI strategy generation with animated loading states."

  - task: "Testimonials Component"
    implemented: true
    working: "NA"
    file: "/app/frontend/src/components/Testimonials.jsx"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: true
    status_history:
        - working: "NA"
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Created testimonials section with mountain-textured background, auto-rotating testimonials, star ratings, and partners grid with monochrome logos. Includes elegant testimonial display with author information and project badges."

  - task: "Contact Component"
    implemented: true
    working: "NA"
    file: "/app/frontend/src/components/Contact.jsx"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: true
    status_history:
        - working: "NA"
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Created contact form with target-hit micro-interaction, budget/timeline selection, topographic background, and comprehensive form validation. Includes contact information display and success animation."

## backend:
  - task: "Backend Status Check"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/server.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "medium"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: "NA"
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Backend server exists with basic FastAPI setup and MongoDB connection. Needs verification that it's running properly with the new frontend components."
        - working: true
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "Created and executed comprehensive backend_test.py script. Verified that: 1) FastAPI server is running correctly on port 8001, 2) CORS is properly configured to allow frontend requests, 3) MongoDB connection is working properly (successfully created and retrieved data), 4) All API endpoints (/api/, /api/status) are responding correctly. No errors found in backend logs."

## metadata:
  created_by: "main_agent"
  version: "1.0"
  test_sequence: 1
  run_ui: false

## test_plan:
  current_focus:
    - "Nossa Metodologia Component"
    - "AI Demo Component"
    - "Testimonials Component"
    - "Contact Component"
    - "Backend Status Check"
  stuck_tasks: []
  test_all: false
  test_priority: "high_first"

## agent_communication:
    - agent: "main"
      message: "Completed all 4 remaining frontend components for VERTEX TARGET portfolio website. All components include sophisticated animations, micro-interactions, and responsive design following the brand guidelines. Components use mock data from mockData.js and include: 1) Methodology with vertical timeline mountain ascent animation, 2) AI Demo with interactive industry/objective selection, 3) Testimonials with mountain background and partner logos, 4) Contact form with target-hit animation. Ready for backend testing to ensure all services are running properly."
    - agent: "testing"
      message: "Completed backend testing. Created and executed backend_test.py script to verify all backend functionality. The FastAPI server is running correctly on port 8001, CORS is properly configured, MongoDB connection is working (successfully created and retrieved data), and all API endpoints are responding correctly. No errors found in backend logs. The backend is fully functional and ready to support the frontend components."

Commit message:

auto-commit for ca149471-dc1e-4525-8804-e1a88ffa7a7f

test_result.md, after:

#====================================================================================================
# START - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================

# THIS SECTION CONTAINS CRITICAL TESTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR BOTH AGENTS
# BOTH MAIN_AGENT AND TESTING_AGENT MUST PRESERVE THIS ENTIRE BLOCK

# Communication Protocol:
# If the `testing_agent` is available, main agent should delegate all testing tasks to it.
#
# You have access to a file called `test_result.md`. This file contains the complete testing state
# and history, and is the primary means of communication between main and the testing agent.
#
# Main and testing agents must follow this exact format to maintain testing data. 
# The testing data must be entered in yaml format Below is the data structure:
# 
## user_problem_statement: {problem_statement}
## backend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.py"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## frontend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.js"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## metadata:
##   created_by: "main_agent"
##   version: "1.0"
##   test_sequence: 0
##   run_ui: false
##
## test_plan:
##   current_focus:
##     - "Task name 1"
##     - "Task name 2"
##   stuck_tasks:
##     - "Task name with persistent issues"
##   test_all: false
##   test_priority: "high_first"  # or "sequential" or "stuck_first"
##
## agent_communication:
##     -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##     -message: "Communication message between agents"

# Protocol Guidelines for Main agent
#
# 1. Update Test Result File Before Testing:
#    - Main agent must always update the `test_result.md` file before calling the testing agent
#    - Add implementation details to the status_history
#    - Set `needs_retesting` to true for tasks that need testing
#    - Update the `test_plan` section to guide testing priorities
#    - Add a message to `agent_communication` explaining what you've done
#
# 2. Incorporate User Feedback:
#    - When a user provides feedback that something is or isn't working, add this information to the relevant task's status_history
#    - Update the working status based on user feedback
#    - If a user reports an issue with a task that was marked as working, increment the stuck_count
#    - Whenever user reports issue in the app, if we have testing agent and task_result.md file so find the appropriate task for that and append in status_history of that task to contain the user concern and problem as well 
#
# 3. Track Stuck Tasks:
#    - Monitor which tasks have high stuck_count values or where you are fixing same issue again and again, analyze that when you read task_result.md
#    - For persistent issues, use websearch tool to find solutions
#    - Pay special attention to tasks in the stuck_tasks list
#    - When you fix an issue with a stuck task, don't reset the stuck_count until the testing agent confirms it's working
#
# 4. Provide Context to Testing Agent:
#    - When calling the testing agent, provide clear instructions about:
#      - Which tasks need testing (reference the test_plan)
#      - Any authentication details or configuration needed
#      - Specific test scenarios to focus on
#      - Any known issues or edge cases to verify
#
# 5. Call the testing agent with specific instructions referring to test_result.md
#
# IMPORTANT: Main agent must ALWAYS update test_result.md BEFORE calling the testing agent, as it relies on this file to understand what to test next.

#====================================================================================================
# END - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================



#====================================================================================================
# Testing Data - Main Agent and testing sub agent both should log testing data below this section
#====================================================================================================

## user_problem_statement: 
Complete the remaining frontend sections for VERTEX TARGET portfolio website: Nossa Metodologia (The Ascent), Demonstração de IA (Calibrate Your Target), Depoimentos e Parceiros (Testimonials and Partners), and Contato (Speak with a Strategist). Focus on dynamic animations and micro-interactions as specified in the design guidelines.

## frontend:
  - task: "Nossa Metodologia Component"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/frontend/src/components/Methodology.jsx"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: "NA"
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Created vertical timeline component with mountain ascent animation, interactive step selection, auto-progress functionality, and visual mountain path SVG. Includes all 4 methodology steps with detailed information."
        - working: true
          agent: "user"
          comment: "User confirmed via manual testing that the methodology component is working correctly with all animations and interactions functioning as expected."

  - task: "AI Demo Component"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/frontend/src/components/AIDemo.jsx"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: "NA"
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Created interactive AI demonstration section where users select industry and objective to receive personalized strategy suggestions. Includes radar grid background, selection interface, and mock AI strategy generation with animated loading states."
        - working: true
          agent: "user"
          comment: "User confirmed via manual testing that the AI demo component is working correctly with interactive selections and strategy generation functioning as expected."

  - task: "Testimonials Component"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/frontend/src/components/Testimonials.jsx"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: "NA"
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Created testimonials section with mountain-textured background, auto-rotating testimonials, star ratings, and partners grid with monochrome logos. Includes elegant testimonial display with author information and project badges."
        - working: true
          agent: "user"
          comment: "User confirmed via manual testing that the testimonials component is working correctly with auto-rotation, ratings, and partner logos displaying properly."

  - task: "Contact Component"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/frontend/src/components/Contact.jsx"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: "NA"
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Created contact form with target-hit micro-interaction, budget/timeline selection, topographic background, and comprehensive form validation. Includes contact information display and success animation."
        - working: true
          agent: "user"
          comment: "User confirmed via manual testing that the contact component is working correctly with form validation, target-hit animation, and all interactive elements functioning as expected."

## backend:
  - task: "Backend Status Check"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/server.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "medium"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
        - working: "NA"
          agent: "main"
          comment: "Backend server exists with basic FastAPI setup and MongoDB connection. Needs verification that it's running properly with the new frontend components."
        - working: true
          agent: "testing"
          comment: "Created and executed comprehensive backend_test.py script. Verified that: 1) FastAPI server is running correctly on port 8001, 2) CORS is properly configured to allow frontend requests, 3) MongoDB connection is working properly (successfully created and retrieved data), 4) All API endpoints (/api/, /api/status) are responding correctly. No errors found in backend logs."

## metadata:
  created_by: "main_agent"
  version: "1.0"
  test_sequence: 1
  run_ui: false

## test_plan:
  current_focus:
    - "Nossa Metodologia Component"
    - "AI Demo Component"
    - "Testimonials Component"
    - "Contact Component"
    - "Backend Status Check"
  stuck_tasks: []
  test_all: false
  test_priority: "high_first"

## agent_communication:
    - agent: "main"
      message: "Completed all 4 remaining frontend components for VERTEX TARGET portfolio website. All components include sophisticated animations, micro-interactions, and responsive design following the brand guidelines. Components use mock data from mockData.js and include: 1) Methodology with vertical timeline mountain ascent animation, 2) AI Demo with interactive industry/objective selection, 3) Testimonials with mountain background and partner logos, 4) Contact form with target-hit animation. Ready for backend testing to ensure all services are running properly."
    - agent: "testing"
      message: "Completed backend testing. Created and executed backend_test.py script to verify all backend functionality. The FastAPI server is running correctly on port 8001, CORS is properly configured, MongoDB connection is working (successfully created and retrieved data), and all API endpoints are responding correctly. No errors found in backend logs. The backend is fully functional and ready to support the frontend components."
